DOCSUP-13429: Document the short_circuit_function_evaluation setting (#28946)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

-   Positive integer.

Default value: `1000`.

## short_circuit_function_evaluation {#short-circuit-function-evaluation}

Allows calculating the [if](../../sql-reference/functions/conditional-functions.md#if), [multiIf](../../sql-reference/functions/conditional-functions.md#multiif), [and](../../sql-reference/functions/logical-functions.md#logical-and-function) and [or](../../sql-reference/functions/logical-functions.md#logical-or-function) functions according to a [short scheme](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Short-circuit_evaluation).

Possible values:

> - `enable ` — Enables short-circuit function evaluation for functions that are suitable for it (can throw or computationally heavy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enable` — Enables short-circuit function evaluation for functions that are suitable for it (can throw or computationally heavy).
```

- `force_enable` — Enables short-circuit function evaluation for all functions.
- `disable` — Disables short-circuit function evaluation.

Default value: `enable`.

> This is necessary to optimize the execution of complex expressions in these functions and to prevent possible exceptions (such as division by zero, when it is not expected).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helps optimize the execution of complex expressions in these functions and prevent possible exceptions (such as division by zero when it is not expected).
```
